Why testing is required?
Testing is required for an effective performance of software application or product. 
It's important to ensure that the application should not result into any failures because it can be very 
expensive in the future or in the later stages of the development. It's required to stay in the business.


what is SDLC and different phases in SDLC?
Software Development Life Cycle, or SDLC is a process used to develop software. 
There are different stages or phases within the Software Development Life Cycle and in each phase, different activities take place.


what is waterfall method
The waterfall model is a sequential (non-iterative) design process, used in software development processes,
 in which progress is seen as flowing steadily downwards (like a waterfall) 
through the phases of conception, initiation, analysis, design, construction, testing, production/implementation and maintenance.


what is agile method

The Agile movement seeks alternatives to traditional project management. Agile approaches help teams respond to unpredictability 
through incremental, iterative work cadences 
and empirical feedback. Agilists propose alternatives to waterfall, or traditional sequential development.


what is scrum methodology

Scrum is an agile way to manage a project, usually software development. Agile software development with Scrum is often perceived as a methodology; 
but rather than viewing Scrum as methodology, think of it as a framework for managing a process


what is the process in agile model

Agile SDLC model is a combination of iterative and incremental process models with focus on process adaptability and customer satisfaction by rapid delivery of
 working software product. Agile Methods break the product into small incremental builds. These builds are provided in iterations.

what is product back log items

Product Backlog Item. In Scrum, a product backlog item ("PBI", "backlog item", or "item") is 
a unit of work small enough to be completed by a team in one Sprint iteration. Backlog items are decomposed into one or more tasks.

what is user story/feature/sprint back log items and tasks in user story

A user story is a tool used in Agile software development to capture a description of a software feature from an end-user perspective. The user story 
describes the type of user, what they want and why. A user story helps to create a simplified description of a requirement.
User stories are one of the primary development artifacts for Scrum and Extreme Programming (XP) project teams. A user story is a very high-level definition of a requirement, 
containing just enough information so that the developers can produce a reasonable estimate of the effort to implement it.

what is sprint planing meeting

Sprint planning is a collaborative effort involving a ScrumMaster, who facilitates the meeting, a Product Owner, who clarifies the details of the product backlog items 
and their respective acceptance criteria, and the Entire Agile Team, who define the work and effort necessary to meet 
their sprint commitment

what is spring review meeting
The sprint review meeting is intentionally kept very informal, typically with rules forbidding the use of PowerPoint slides and 
allowing no more than two hours of preparation time for the meeting. A sprint review meeting should not become a distraction or
 significant detour for the team; rather, it should be a natural result of the sprint.

what is sprint retrospective 
The sprint retrospective is a meeting facilitated by the ScrumMaster at which the team discusses the just-concluded 
sprint and determines what could be changed that might make the next sprint more productive.

What is sprint grooming
Product backlog refinement—sometimes called product backlog grooming in reference to keeping the backlog clean and orderly—is a meeting 
that is held near the end of one sprint to ensure the backlog is ready for the next sprint.

what is burndown chart and velocity
Simple Burndown Chart. The rate of progress of a Scrum Team is called "velocity". It expresses the amount of e.g. story points completed per iteration. An import rule for 
calculating the velocity is that only stories that are completed at the end of the iteration are counted.

what is user acceptance criteria test cases
Business creates requirements and acceptance criteria for a user story.
QA reviews and begins writing test cases.
While examining test cases, QA identifies a scenario that is not covered by the requirements.
QA communicates the scenario to the Business Analyst.
BA realizes a change to requirements.

 what is v model?
The V - model is SDLC model where execution of processes happens in a sequential manner in V-shape. It is also known as Verification and Validation model. V - Model is an extension of the
 waterfall model and is based on association of a testing phase for each corresponding development stage.

What is STLC
Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) is the testing process which is executed in systematic and planned manner. 
In STLC process, different activities are carried out to improve the quality of the product. ... Test Execution

Software Defects/ Bugs are normally classified as per:

Severity / Impact (See Defect Severity)
Probability / Visibility (See Defect Probability)
Priority / Urgency (See Defect Priority)
Related Dimension of Quality (See Dimensions of Quality)
Related Module / Component
Phase Detected
Phase Injected


how to arise a defect and what we specify while logging defect?
Defect logging, a process of finding defects in the application under test or product by testing or recording 
feedback from customers and making new versions of the product that fix the defects or the clients feedback.
Defect Tracking Parameters
Defects are tracked based on various parameters such as:

Defect Id

Priority

Severity

Created by

Created Date

Assigned to

Resolved Date

Resolved By

Status


What is defect lifecycle
Defect life cycle is a cycle which a defect goes through during its lifetime. It starts when defect is found and ends 
when a defect is closed, after ensuring it’s not reproduced. Defect life cycle is related to the bug found during testing.

What is unit testing?
Unit testing is a software development process in which the smallest testable parts of an application, called units, are 
individually and independently scrutinized for proper operation. Unit testing can be done manually but is often automated.

when do we use regression testing?





































